Inheritance is one of the most important features of object-oriented programming
languages like Python. It is used to inherit the properties and behaviours of one
class to another. The class that inherits another class is called a child class
and the class that gets inherited is called a base class or parent class.

Types

Single Inheritance - This is the simplest form of inheritance where a child
class inherits attributes and methods from only one parent class.

Multiple Inheritance - Here child class can inherit the property from more
than one class. We need to follow rule for parameter in condition where A -> B,
then class C parameter start from B is child and A is parent of B. C(B,A)

Multilevel Inheritance -a class is derived from another derived class. There
exists multiple layers of inheritance. We can imagine it as a
grandparent-parent-child relationship.

Hierarchical Inheritance - This type of inheritance contains multiple derived
classes that are inherited from a single base class. This is similar to the
hierarchy within an organization

Hybrid Inheritance - Combination of two or more types of inheritance is
called as Hybrid Inheritance. For instance, it could be a mix of single and
multiple inheritance.

super() - In Python, super() function allows you to access methods and attributes
of the parent class from within a child class. Here child class __init() should declare
parent method parament attribute and super function should be defined inside the
child __init__

MRO - If methods with same name are defined in multiple parent classes, Python follows
 a specific order to decide which method to execute. This order is known as the Method
 Resolution Order (MRO). This order is determined by the C3 linearization algorithm,
 also called MRO. The MRO order is listed below.
    First, Python looks for the method in the child class itself.
    If not found, it searches the parent classes in the order they are listed.
    This continues until the method is found or all classes have been searched.
